# A1: Social Network

> This project intends to be a social network for musicians. The network will be a web application covering musicians basic needs. Based on a global search, we found little to none good musicians social networks. We found a lack of tools to hire good musicians to participate in concerts, form bands, share experiences, rate users and songs, advertise and schedule lessons and much more.

> We will develop a responsive website, allowing the user to have a nice experience whether he uses a laptop or any other device. The technology to be used will allow a very fast navigation and scalability for the application.

> The main entities of the network will be musicians and bands. Musicians will be allowed to create and manage their bands, adding members to them, organize events with them. Every user will have a news feed where he can see updates from the users/bands he follows. Following a band or user allows the follower to have their posts in the user feed in order to view and comment those posts. The bands will be organized in genres, the musicians will be organized in genres and instruments. This way it will be easy to connect everything together. There will be two types of chat, the band chat, only for the band members, and regular chat for direct messages among all musicians registered. Each musician will have a profile where he can manage his personal information, view followers or band requests among many other options. Other import feature will be search for bands or musicians using different criteria.

> Each band will have specific roles like administrator, moderator or regular member. The band administrator can do everything like add or remove users or posts, the moderator can manage posts and regular users have no permissions on the band's profile. The musician can also rate other musicians, bands and articles published in general.
On top of this there will be a super administrator role whose task is to make sure that the system will not be compromised by users less thoughtful actions. This is done by means of some functionalities such as warning off and possibly later remove users and or bands that do not have thoughtful and respectful behavior using the system. This role users can also promote other users to have this role. Regular users can report other users or bands according to their behavior.

## Revision history

> Revision 1
 * Added system admin responsibilities
 * Improved following bands/users system description
 * Added search functionality description

***

GROUP1712, 10/09/2018

> João Pinheiro, up201104913@fe.up.pt

> Leonardo Teixeira, up201502848@fe.up.pt

> Danny Soares, up201505509@fe.up.pt

> João Azevedo, up201503256@fe.up.pt
